[scam_start]
Woodforest National Bank
Corporate
The Woodlands, TX United States
Dear Esteemed Customer,
The National Bank Texas department has issued
security transfer CODE which is WF the
section code of this bank concludes the of your file.
After going through all the documents of claim received by this
department with and from the global
strategy United States we are completely satisfied and you have been
confirmed.
the volume of your payment, it is right for us to seek for
the approval of some money regulatory Boards here in United States
before we can carry out the Transfer of an ount of such magnitude to
anybody, otherwise any such transfer will be stopped by the
of National Bank, and the
Monetary Fund IMF Approval Documents from the concerned
here in United States are needed to avoid stoppage once the Transfer
is carried out and for that reason, you are required to pay the sum of
as this money will be used by our Bank Attorney to Obtain all the
necessary documents that will enable the final Transfer of your Funds.
National Bank hereby states officially that the required
payment will remain the only and final monetary obligation required
from you prior to the final transfer of your funds, hence any further
charges will be our bank's full till final transfer of
your payment is made to your bank account.
We await your urgent response to obtain the remaining documents
through our bank Attorney, kindly send the funds directly to our
attorney via Google play Card or Steam Wallet Gift Card.
Go to any Walmart Store or CVS Pharmacy and get Google play Card of
only scratch and send scan copy of the Card bearing the codes
for
BELOW ARE THE APPROVED MEANS OF RECEIVING YOUR MONEY AND IT CHARGE
RATES. You are to CHOOSE one of the OPTIONS Below
Bank to Bank Transfer Rate
ATM Card Delivery Rate
Cashier Check Delivery Rate
GOVERNMENT IN ORDER TO GUARDS US FOR INTERNET IMPOSTORS.
Your Designated Bank account details for the Transfer
Bank Name and Address.
If at all you do not have Bank Account or you don't wish to to receive
this fund in your own Account, we can open an online Account on your
behalf with our Bank and send the Online Banking details to you
including the ATM CARD and CASHIER CHECK which you can Transfer out
money to any Bank of your choice, use the ATM CARD to pay bills and
make in any ATM Machine around or You can fill up the
check and cash it in any Bank of your choice with valid
but this process cost
Thank you for giving us the to serve your banking needs.
Yours sincerely,
Robert E. Marling Jr.
Chairman, Chief Executive Officer
Woodforest National Bank
phone number
[scam_end]
[bait_start]